on sorghum a sparsely populated forested
swamp planet
a village of farmers is pillaged by
raiders
the mandalorian soon lands on sorghum
looking to hide from the guild with the
child
in a local restaurant they come across a
suspicious mercenary who identifies
herself as cara dune
gina carrano a former rebel shock
trooper who had left her position and is
hiding on the planet
which she asks the mandalorian to leave
back at the razor crest
the mandalorian is approached by two of
the villagers hoping to hire him to
drive
off the raiders he accepts in return for
lodging in the isolated village and uses
their payment to hire dune for extra
help
once at the village a widowed mother
named omara julia jones
takes them in and offers them food dune
and the mandalorian find a set of tracks
in the mud outside the village and
identify that the raiders have a
powerful imperial all-terrain scout
transport dune insists the villagers
leave and make their home elsewhere but
they refuse and decide to fight
which the mandalorian accepts the
mandalorian and dune show the farmers
how to defend themselves and then set up
traps in the krill ponds for the at st
the mandalorian and dune infiltrate the
raiders camp to provoke them into
attacking
the attestee then chases them back to
the village but stops short of the krill
ponds
the klatoin raiders then attack the
villagers while the at-st
shoots the village with artillery fire
dune then gets beneath the at-st
shooting into one of the viewports the
atteste takes the bait and steps into
the pond
sinks and then falls over the
mandalorian then throws a thermal
detonator into the walker blowing it up
and the raiders flee back into the
forest with peace having returned
the child plays happily with the other
children
the mandalorian tells dune and o'mara
that he plans to leave the child there
as he feels it would be a better life
however a cube is a bounty hunter from
the guild takes aim at the child from
the trees
before he can fire dune shoots him from
behind
the mandalorian realizes the child has
to stay under his protection
he bids farewell to o'mara and dune and
leaves the village
you